reference: update parameter description in loader template (#1575)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/loader.md

password = ""
port = 4000

# `sql_mode` of session level used to connect to the database when loading data. If `sql-mode` is not provided or set to "@DownstreamDefault", the global `sql_mode` for downstream is used.
# sql-mode = ""

> # `max-allowed-packet` sets the maximum data packet allowed for database connection, which corresponds to the `max-allowed-packet` in system parameters. If it is set to 0, the global `max-allowed-packet` for downstream is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `max-allowed-packet` sets the maximum data packet allowed for database connection, which corresponds to the `max_allowed_packet` in system parameters. If it is set to 0, the global `max_allowed_packet` for downstream is used.
```

> # `max-allowed-packet` sets the maximum data packet allowed for database connection, which corresponds to the `max-allowed-packet` in system parameters. If set to 0, the global `max-allowed-packet` for downstream will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `max-allowed-packet` sets the maximum data packet allowed for database connection, which corresponds to the `max_allowed_packet` in system parameters. If set to 0, the global `max_allowed_packet` for downstream will be used.
```
this variable in MySQL/TiDB is `max_allowed_packet`, the same for v3.0, v2.1

password = ""
port = 4000

> # `sql_mode` of session level used to connect to the database when loading data. If `sql-mode` is not provided or set to "@DownstreamDefault", the global `sql_mode` for downstream will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# `sql_mode` of the session level used to connect to the database when loading data. If `sql-mode` is not provided or set to "@DownstreamDefault", the global `sql_mode` for downstream is used.
```

Author: > of the session level 

I am not sure about this one

# sql-mode = ""

> # `max_allowed_packet` sets the maximum data packet allowed for database connection, which corresponds to the `max-allowed-packet` in system parameters. If set to 0, the global `max-allowed-packet` for downstream will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# `max_allowed_packet` sets the maximum data packet allowed for database connection, which corresponds to the `max-allowed-packet` in system parameters. If it is set to 0, the global `max-allowed-packet` for downstream is used.
```

> max_allowed_packet = 67108864

Reviewer: oh this is misused, `max-allowed-packet` is used in this config template, and `max_allowed_packet` is the system parameter in the database

> max_allowed_packet = 67108864

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
max-allowed-packet = 67108864
```
